---
title: v1.31.0
page_title: v1.31.0 (Update Name Placeholder) Changelog
description: The changelog for v1.31.0 (Update Name Placeholder).
category: Releases
mentions:
    - Andexter8
---

## Changes

### Anti-Spam

-   The anti-spam system now tells players how much longer it is until they get unmuted.

### Commands

-   Massive updates to the `\\regenerateblocks` command.

### Command Parameter Types

#### BlockMask

-   Added a new type to block masks: presets! You can specify these presets just like you would specify a regular block type. When you specify a preset, then it will match any of the block types that it includes. Here is a list of the currently supported presets:
    -   `preset:leaves`: includes all block types that have "leaves" in the name.
    -   `preset:deforest`: includes all block types that have "leaves" or "sapling" in the name, any block with the "log" or "plant" tags, `short_grass`, `tall_grass`, `vine`, `dandelion`, `allium`, `brown_mushroom_block`, `red_mushroom_block`, `mushroom_stem`, `crimson_roots`, `warped_roots`, and `bee_nest`. It is still a work in progress and will include more block types in the future.
    -   `preset:ores`: includes all block types that have "ore" in the name, as well as ancient debris.
    -   `preset:ore_blocks`: includes the following block types:
        -   `coal_block`
        -   `copper_block`
        -   `exposed_copper`
        -   `weathered_copper`
        -   `oxidized_copper`
        -   `waxed_copper`
        -   `waxed_exposed_copper`
        -   `waxed_weathered_copper`
        -   `waxed_oxidized_copper`
        -   `iron_block`
        -   `gold_block`
        -   `emerald_block`
        -   `diamond_block`
        -   `netherite_block`
        -   `redstone_block`
        -   `lapis_block`
        -   `raw_copper_block`
        -   `raw_iron_block`
        -   `raw_gold_block`
    -   `preset:liquid`: includes `water`, `flowing_water`, `lava`, and `flowing_lava`.
-   Added the ability to use block tags in the block masks. To use a block tag, just put `tag:tagname` as the block type. ex. `tag:plant` or `tag:minecraft:is_hoe_item_destructable`.
