---
title: v1.33.0
page_title: v1.33.0 (Update Name Placeholder) Changelog
description: The changelog for v1.33.0 (Update Name Placeholder).
category: Releases
mentions:
    - Andexter8
---

<template-Stub />

## Critical Bug Fixes

## Additions

### Player Menu

Introducing the Player Menu.

It is like the Main Menu but it is for regular players instead of admins.

### Items

-   Added the Player Menu (`andexdb:player_menu`) item. This item opens the new Player Menu.

### UIs

#### Settings

-   Added a new "UI Settings" section to the settings menu.
    -   The old "UI Settings" menu has been moved inside of this new menu at "Main Menu > Settings > UI Settings > Main".
    -   Added the "Menu Configurations" settings menu to the new "UI Settings" settings menu.
        -   Added the "Main Menu" settings menus to the new "Menu Configurations" settings menu.
        -   Added the "Player Menu" settings menus to the new "Menu Configurations" settings menu.
            -   Added the "Main Settings" settings menu to this menu.
                -   This menu contains the main settings for the player menu, such as whether or not it is enabled, whether buttons for upcoming features should be shown, and the item name for the item that players use to open the player menu.
            -   Added the "Edit Buttons" settings menu to this menu.
                -   This menu allows you to rearrange and/or remove the buttons in the player menu.
            -   Added the "Leaderboards Settings" settings menu to this menu.
                -   This menu allows you customize the leaderboards menu in the player menu.
            -   Added the "Edit Warps" settings menu to this menu.
                -   This menu allows you to add, edit, and remove warps for the warps section of the player menu.
            -   Added the "Edit Redeemable Codes" settings menu to this menu.
                -   This menu allows you to create/remove redeemable codes that players can redeem in the redeem code section of the player menu.
-   Added a new "Teleport Systems Settings" menu to the settings menu.
    -   This settings menu allows you to change settings that apply to all types of player-accessible teleports, including but not limited to the warps, TPA, and homes menus of the player menu, and the [`\tpa`{lang=acmd}](../commands-list/-tpa), [`\spawn`{lang=acmd}](../commands-list/-spawn), [`\home`{lang=acmd}](../commands-list/-home), and [`\gohome`{lang=acmd}](../commands-list/-gohome) commands.
-   Added a "Player Menu Settings" button to the settings menu, this button is an alias of "Main Menu > Settings > UI Settings > Menu Configurations > Player Menu".

### Technical

-   Added the following methods to `Boolean.prototype`{lang=ts}:
    -   `toFormattedStringYN(): "§aYes" | "§cNo";`{lang=ts}
    -   `toFormattedStringYNB(): "§2Yes" | "§4No";`{lang=ts}

## Changes

### UIs

-   Renamed the Global Settings menu to General Settings.

## Fixes

### UIs

-   Fixed a bug where the search query would be cleared when switching pages in the manage players and view players with permission menus.
